Update EIP-3540: Restrict EOF version in create (#6052)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-3540.md

For clarity, the *EOF prefix* together with a version number *n* is denoted as the *EOFn prefix*, e.g. *EOF1 prefix*.

1. If *initcode's container* has EOF1 prefix it MUST be valid EOF1 code.
2. If *code's container* has EOF1 prefix it MUST be valid EOF1 code.

> 3. If *initcode's container* is valid EOF1 code the result *code's container* MUST be valid EOF1 code (i.e. EOF1 initcode MUST NOT produce legacy code).

Reviewer: (Maybe something like "returning empty code is still allowed")

> 3. If *initcode's container* is valid EOF1 code the result *code's container* MUST be valid EOF1 code (i.e. EOF1 initcode MUST NOT produce legacy code).

Author: What does returning empty do?

> 3. If *initcode's container* is valid EOF1 code the result *code's container* MUST be valid EOF1 code (i.e. EOF1 initcode MUST NOT produce legacy code).

Reviewer: I think it creates account with empty code.

> 3. If *initcode's container* is valid EOF1 code the result *code's container* MUST be valid EOF1 code (i.e. EOF1 initcode MUST NOT produce legacy code).

Reviewer 2: Since empty isn't valid EOF code, I think we should disallow.

> 3. If *initcode's container* is valid EOF1 code the result *code's container* MUST be valid EOF1 code (i.e. EOF1 initcode MUST NOT produce legacy code).

Reviewer 2: Can we just put a note that empty code is invalid? cc @gumb0

1. If *initcode's container* has EOF1 prefix it MUST be valid EOF1 code.
2. If *code's container* has EOF1 prefix it MUST be valid EOF1 code.

> 3. If *initcode's container* is valid EOF1 code the result *code's container* MUST be valid EOF1 code, in particular MUST NOT be empty (i.e. EOF1 initcode MUST NOT produce legacy code).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. If *initcode's container* is valid EOF1 code the resulting *code's container* MUST be valid EOF1 code (i.e. it MUST NOT be empty and MUST NOT produce legacy code).
```

container prefix it must be validated. This adds two validation steps in the contract creation,
any of it failing will result in contract creation failure.

Moreover, it is not allowed to create legacy contracts from EOF1 ones. And the EOF version of *initcode* must match the EOF version of the produced *code*.
The rule can be generalized in the future: EOFn contract must only create EOFm contracts, where m ≥ n.

> This guarantees than a cluster of EOF contracts will never spawn new legacy contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guarantees that a cluster of EOF contracts will never spawn new legacy contracts.
```

Reviewer 3: Added.

> Furthermore, so exotic contract creation combinations are eliminated (e.g. EOF1 contract creating new EOF1 contract with legacy *initcode*).

Reviewer: some?
```suggestion
Furthermore, some exotic contract creation combinations are eliminated (e.g. EOF1 contract creating new EOF1 contract with legacy *initcode*).
```

Reviewer 3: Added.
